= motion-calabash-wrapper

Enhancements to smooth out the rough edges when using motion-calabash with XCode 6.1 and RubyMine.

* For information about Calabash see: http://calaba.sh
* For information about motion-calabash see: https://github.com/calabash/motion-calabash

== Requirements

* RubyMotion 1.0 or greater (see http://www.rubymotion.com).
* XCode 6.1

=== pre-release motion-calabash

The current version (at the time of this writing 0.11.4.1.0.1) requires a yet-to-be-released version of +motion-calabash+

Until this version becomes official (see: https://github.com/calabash/motion-calabash/pull/15) the source is available from my fork at https://github.com/Shirk/motion-calabash/tree/xcode-6.1 

Alternatively a gem can be obtained by adding +http://bitspin-productions.net/gems/pre-release/+ as a GEM source.    

== Installation

  $ (sudo) gem install motion-calabash-wrapper

== Setup

1. Edit the +Rakefile+ of your RubyMotion project and add the following require lines.

     require 'rubygems'
     require 'motion-calabash-wrapper'

If you're using a Gemfile in your project (which you probably should), please also add `gem 'motion-calabash-wrapper'` (possibly a version) to this file.


== Usage

motion-calabash-wrapper introduces a +features+ Rake-task namespace to your project.
The namespace currently contains one task: +run+.

The +run+ task can be used to run your suite of Calabash tests on your development build. You can run on simulator or on a USB connected device.

You can specify the target device by either using the +target+ parameter, passing the target as last argument to rake or by exporting the DEVICE_TARGET environment variable.

  $ rake features:run
  $ rake features:run device
  $ rake features:run[iPhone 6 (8.1 Simulator)]
  $ rake calabash:run 'iPhone 6 (8.1 Simulator)'
  $ rake calabash:run 'iPhone 6 (8.1 Simulator)' args="features/my_first.feature --tags @a"

== Versioning

motion-calabash-wrapper is versioned to track the matching +motion-calabash+ gem.
For example version +0.11.4.*.*+ will use +motion-calabash+ +0.11.4+.
